Worrying doesn't help us.
No need really to worry what could happen.
Even if it happens, let Jehovah show
how he can handle the situation.
He can actually do it in ways you could never expect.
We are Yusuf and Paulina Halme.
We loved our assignment in Finland branch.
We had a wonderful friends.
Our families, they were very close.
We had a time to be with them often.
In 2014, we got the yearbook
and that had an account of Sierra Leone.
And I was reading that account
and I remember saying a couple of times to Paulina,
this would be a tough place.
After coming back from Gilead, I couldn't believe it.
We got a letter saying that we have been reassigned
to Sierra Leone branch.
And it was a huge change for us.
Then what we did, we googled Sierra Leone
and what we saw, it was only about a civil war
that took place years ago.
Ebola outbreak was starting in West Africa.
Some of our relatives were worried about that.
That was our impression, first impression, about the country.
We were terrified and we couldn't sleep.
We just prayed whole night.
And really, with the reassignment our greatest fear
was my father.
He had been terminally ill about two years.
And we knew that at some point ill, it will get worse.
He would need more help and also use his mother.
So are we able to travel back to Finland?
It's so expensive and we didn't have savings.
So although we have all those fears,
after praying about it a lot,
we just realized that we cannot say no.
And we realized that this assignment is from Jehovah.
Let's go there.
Let's get to the work.
Let's give our best to it.
Then actually in three months,
our greatest fear, it came through.
It really happened that a user's mom,
she called us and she told us that user's father's situation
it has changed.
So we started immediately to check flights.
And then the next call was that he had passed away.
We were able to get flights, fly back to home
and support my mother, help with the funeral.
We were so happy when we finally got back to Sierra Leone
and now we thought that we can focus to our assignment
and our work at Bethel.
Then one day we got another Skype call from my father
and then he told that he's diagnosed with extremely aggressive cancer
and he's in hospital now.
And he asked us to come back to Finland for visit.
We had a beautiful 10 days together with my father.
But then finally he passed away.
Yeah, that was really the lowest point in our life.
That came out of the clue, we were not expecting it.
We had two videos to take care of.
So we were really thinking if we can continue in our assignment in Sierra Leone.
At that time, one of our favorite scriptures was Isaiah 3015
that your strength will be in keeping calm and showing trust.
And when we poured our hearts to Jehovah in prayer,
we could so well see how Jehovah helped us to stay calm and have peace.
And we got some good advices from much of brothers
not to make any quick decisions.
So we put our trust to Jehovah
and we could just see that it was Jehovah's will
that we continue in our assignment in Sierra Leone.
The fact is that really the blessings always surpass any of the challenges.
And we have come to love our assignment in Sierra Leone.
Our brothers and sisters, they're so faithful in Sierra Leone
despite their problems and challenges.
They give a beautiful example for us.
Being in the country, where there's a lot of potential, a lot of work.
You can have as many Bible studies as you can conduct.
So it's just a preaching paradise.
Going through these experiences,
we are so happy that Jehovah is a writer of our story.
And for sure, there's a happy end.
If he wants to take you there, go there.
See what Jehovah has in mind for you.
And then you can really taste and see that Jehovah is good.